= catpaws

Goal: Define your required AWS/Eucalyptus configuration in a 
conifg file and have it created by EC2:start, stopped by
EC2:stop. Create, use, snapshot and destroy EBS vols as 
required.

create tasks that can be run on AWS in a Rake / Capistrano style
task file. Need better support for running and monitoring long-running
tasks. Need a more expressive approach to defining a task's
pre-reqs. 


== EC2 / EBS

Built on top of the right_aws gem.

At the moment, consists of a class to map EC2 instances by 
security groups to Capistrano roles and provides tasks:

EC2:start
EC2:stop

EC2:make_linux_ami_apt
EC2:register_ami
EC2:delete_ami

EBS:create
EBS:attach
EBS:format_xfs
EBS:mount_xfs
EBS:snapshot
EBS:unmount
EBS:delete
EBS:delete_snapshot


== Installation

This is really a reminder to myself. I wouldn't recommend using this yet. I'll probably 
chuck it all away and start again once I've got a clearer idea of what I want it to do.


You will need an AWS EC2 account - see http://aws.amazon.com/ec2/ (or compatible cloud infrastructure,  
it seems to be ok on Eucalyptus)
  
Make sure you have create an ssh key in order to access your instances

To use EC2:start and stop in your Capfiles, you will need to have the following installed:

git:        http://git-scm.com/

ruby:       http://ruby-lang.org/

RubyGems:   http://rubygems.org/
 
Install the gems you need with:

 sudo gem install capistrano
 sudo gem install amazon-ec2
 sudo gem install json

Get the catpaws gem from github and build it

 git clone git@github.com:cassj/catpaws.git
 cd catpaws
 rake gemspec
 rake build
 sudo gem install pkg/catpaws-*.gem

You can test the gem before installing with 

 rake test

however this will fail unless you have some environment variables set. 
As well as the variables described below for normal running of CaTPAWS, you'll need the 
following testing variables set to appropriate values:
 
 export CATPAWS_TEST_AMI='ami-1234567'
 export CATPAWS_TEST_INSTANCE_TYPE='m1.small'
 export CATPAWS_TEST_USER='ubuntu'


Finally, set the following environment variables appropriately
for your AWS account:

 AMAZON_ACCESS_KEY
 AMAZON_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
 EC2_URL ( defaults to eu-west-1.ec2.amazonaws.com)
 EC2_KEY ( the name of the key registered with EC2, with which you will access your instances )
 EC2_KEYFILE ( the location of the key file. Alternatively, you can use ssh-agent )
 

